UNIT FILE                              STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount      static  
dev-hugepages.mount                    static  
dev-mqueue.mount                       static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount          static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount          static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                 static  
tmp.mount                              [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-ask-password-console.path      static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path     static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path         static  
session-c1.scope                       static  
session-c2.scope                       static  
alsa-init.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
alsa-restore.service                   static  
alsa-state.service                     static  
alsa-store.service                     static  
alsa-utils.service                     [1;31mmasked  [0m
autologin@.service                     [1;31mdisabled[0m
autovt@.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
avahi-daemon.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
bluetooth.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
bootlogd.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
bootlogs.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
bootmisc.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
checkfs.service                        [1;31mmasked  [0m
checkroot-bootclean.service            [1;31mmasked  [0m
checkroot.service                      [1;31mmasked  [0m
console-getty.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
console-shell.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service               static  
cron.service                           [1;32menabled [0m
cryptdisks-early.service               [1;31mmasked  [0m
cryptdisks.service                     [1;31mmasked  [0m
dbus-org.bluez.service                 [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service     [1;32menabled [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service   static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service    static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service  static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service static  
dbus.service                           static  
debian-fixup.service                   static  
debug-shell.service                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
dhcpcd.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
display-manager.service                [1;32menabled [0m
emergency.service                      static  
fake-hwclock.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
fuse.service                           [1;31mmasked  [0m
getty-static.service                   static  
getty@.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
halt-local.service                     static  
halt.service                           [1;31mmasked  [0m
hciuart.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
hostname.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
hwclock-save.service                   [1;32menabled [0m
hwclock.service                        [1;31mmasked  [0m
hwclockfirst.service                   [1;31mmasked  [0m
ifup@.service                          static  
initrd-cleanup.service                 static  
initrd-parse-etc.service               static  
initrd-switch-root.service             static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service      static  
killprocs.service                      [1;31mmasked  [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service              static  
kmod.service                           static  
lightdm.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
module-init-tools.service              static  
motd.service                           [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountall-bootclean.service             [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountall.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountdevsubfs.service                  [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountkernfs.service                    [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountnfs-bootclean.service             [1;31mmasked  [0m
mountnfs.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
nodered.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
ntpdate.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
packagekit-offline-update.service      static  
packagekit.service                     static  
pigpiod.service                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
plymouth-halt.service                  static  
plymouth-kexec.service                 static  
plymouth-log.service                   static  
plymouth-poweroff.service              static  
plymouth-quit-wait.service             static  
plymouth-quit.service                  static  
plymouth-read-write.service            static  
plymouth-reboot.service                static  
plymouth-start.service                 static  
plymouth-switch-root.service           static  
plymouth.service                       static  
polkitd.service                        static  
procps.service                         static  
quotaon.service                        static  
rc-local.service                       static  
rc.local.service                       static  
reboot.service                         [1;31mmasked  [0m
rescue.service                         static  
rmnologin.service                      [1;31mmasked  [0m
rpi-display-backlight.service          [1;32menabled [0m
rsync.service                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyslog.service                        [1;32menabled [0m
rtkit-daemon.service                   [1;31mdisabled[0m
sendsigs.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
serial-getty@.service                  [1;31mdisabled[0m
single.service                         [1;31mmasked  [0m
ssh.service                            [1;32menabled [0m
ssh@.service                           static  
sshswitch.service                      [1;32menabled [0m
status-led-off.service                 [1;32menabled [0m
status-led-on.service                  [1;32menabled [0m
status-led.service                     [1;32menabled [0m
status-monitor.service                 [1;32menabled [0m
stop-bootlogd-single.service           [1;31mmasked  [0m
stop-bootlogd.service                  [1;31mmasked  [0m
sudo.service                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
syslog.service                         [1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service   static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service  static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service      static  
systemd-backlight@.service             static  
systemd-binfmt.service                 static  
systemd-fsck-root.service              static  
systemd-fsck@.service                  static  
systemd-halt.service                   static  
systemd-hibernate.service              static  
systemd-hostnamed.service              static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service           static  
systemd-initctl.service                static  
systemd-journal-flush.service          static  
systemd-journald.service               static  
systemd-kexec.service                  static  
systemd-localed.service                static  
systemd-logind.service                 static  
systemd-machined.service               static  
systemd-modules-load.service           static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service   [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-networkd.service               [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-nspawn@.service                [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service               static  
systemd-quotacheck.service             static  
systemd-random-seed.service            static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service      [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-readahead-done.service         static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service         [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-readahead-replay.service       [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-reboot.service                 static  
systemd-remount-fs.service             static  
systemd-resolved.service               [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-rfkill@.service                static  
systemd-setup-dgram-qlen.service       static  
systemd-shutdownd.service              static  
systemd-suspend.service                static  
systemd-sysctl.service                 static  
systemd-timedated.service              static  
systemd-timesyncd.service              [1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service     static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service         static  
systemd-udev-settle.service            static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service           static  
systemd-udevd.service                  static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service   static  
systemd-update-utmp.service            static  
systemd-user-sessions.service          static  
udev-finish.service                    static  
udev.service                           static  
udisks2.service                        static  
umountfs.service                       [1;31mmasked  [0m
umountnfs.service                      [1;31mmasked  [0m
umountroot.service                     [1;31mmasked  [0m
urandom.service                        static  
usb_modeswitch@.service                static  
user@.service                          static  
voice-recognizer.service               [1;31mdisabled[0m
wpa_supplicant.service                 [1;31mdisabled[0m
x11-common.service                     [1;31mmasked  [0m
-.slice                                static  
machine.slice                          static  
system.slice                           static  
user.slice                             static  
avahi-daemon.socket                    [1;32menabled [0m
dbus.socket                            static  
ssh.socket                             [1;31mdisabled[0m
syslog.socket                          static  
systemd-initctl.socket                 static  
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket        static  
systemd-journald.socket                static  
systemd-shutdownd.socket               static  
systemd-udevd-control.socket           static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket            static  
basic.target                           static  
bluetooth.target                       static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                  static  
cryptsetup.target                      static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                    [1;31mdisabled[0m
default.target                         [1;32menabled [0m
emergency.target                       static  
final.target                           static  
getty.target                           static  
graphical.target                       [1;32menabled [0m
halt.target                            [1;31mdisabled[0m
hibernate.target                       static  
hybrid-sleep.target                    static  
initrd-fs.target                       static  
initrd-root-fs.target                  static  
initrd-switch-root.target              static  
initrd.target                          static  
kexec.target                           [1;31mdisabled[0m
local-fs-pre.target                    static  
local-fs.target                        static  
mail-transport-agent.target            static  
multi-user.target                      static  
network-online.target                  static  
network-pre.target                     static  
network.target                         static  
nss-lookup.target                      static  
nss-user-lookup.target                 static  
paths.target                           static  
poweroff.target                        [1;31mdisabled[0m
printer.target                         static  
reboot.target                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
remote-fs-pre.target                   static  
remote-fs.target                       [1;32menabled [0m
rescue.target                          [1;31mdisabled[0m
rpcbind.target                         static  
runlevel0.target                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel1.target                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
runlevel2.target                       static  
runlevel3.target                       static  
runlevel4.target                       static  
runlevel5.target                       static  
runlevel6.target                       [1;31mdisabled[0m
shutdown.target                        static  
sigpwr.target                          static  
sleep.target                           static  
slices.target                          static  
smartcard.target                       static  
sockets.target                         static  
sound.target                           static  
suspend.target                         static  
swap.target                            static  
sysinit.target                         static  
system-update.target                   static  
time-sync.target                       static  
timers.target                          static  
umount.target                          static  
systemd-readahead-done.timer           static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer           static  

249 unit files listed.
